Let go and die on me
Don't want to die
Inspire me
Don't think you have nothing but horsepower
So what?
The world doesn't rely on talent to speak
It's about power.
I'll tell you what.
I am now the director of the Down Group
If you dare to tease me
The Tang Group won't let you go
This brother is the place where the Qin army held the green ivy industry
You can be here
Qin Jun won't let you go
Yeah? Well, your dad could try
Kneel now
Apologize to mom
Why should I kneel?
Am I wrong? He gave birth to me
These are all things he should do.
Stop it you big devil
Is it okay to be smart?
you
Zhang Feifei
This is the engagement you told me about
That's right, I'm engaged to your brother Qin Ming
Why didn't you be invited?
You don't have to be angry
I just feel like seeing an ex at an engagement party
Unlucky too
I'm afraid my husband will be upset.
Yeah.
If you don't want to see it
This kicks him out
Everyone is here
Let him find a place to squat
Just him.
He will never come to such an upscale place in his life
Can't eat such high-end meals
Yes, yes, or my baby is kind.
If you want to stay
Just find a corner and squat and wait for the food to be served
Not if you come again
You're welcome, you're welcome, you're welcome, you're welcome.
What a pair of resistance
That is Qin Feng
Apologize to my husband soon
You want me to apologize to him?
I know I cheated.
You have grievances
That's normal.
But don't throw it on your husband
He's innocent. He's innocent.
He can't get along with his brother's girlfriend